What did one pirate say to the other when he beat him at chess?<>Checkmatey.
I burned 2000 calories today<>I left my food in the oven for too long.
I startled my next-door neighbor with my new electric power tool. <>I had to calm him down by saying “Don’t worry, this is just a drill!”
I broke my arm in two places. <>My doctor told me to stop going to those places.
I quit my job at the coffee shop the other day. <>It was just the same old grind over and over.
I never buy anything that has Velcro with it...<>it’s a total rip-off.
I used to work at a soft drink can crushing company...<>it was soda pressing.
I wondered why the frisbee kept on getting bigger. <>Then it hit me.
I was going to tell you a fighting joke...<>but I forgot the punch line.
What is the most groundbreaking invention of all time? <>The shovel. 
I’m starting my new job at a restaurant next week. <>I can’t wait.
I visited a weight loss website...<>they told me I have to have cookies disabled.
Did you hear about the famous Italian chef that recently died? <>He pasta way.
Broken guitar for sale<>no strings attached.
I could never be a plumber<>it’s too hard watching your life’s work go down the drain.
I cut my finger slicing cheese the other day...<>but I think I may have grater problems than that.
What time did you go to the dentist yesterday?<>Tooth-hurty.
What kind of music do astronauts listen to?<>Neptunes.
Rest in peace, boiled water. <>You will be mist.
What is the only concert in the world that costs 45 cents? <>50 Cent, featuring Nickelback.
It’s not a dad bod<> it’s a father figure.
My wife recently went on a tropical food diet and now our house is full of this stuff. <>It’s enough to make a mango crazy.
What do you call Santa’s little helpers? <>Subordinate clauses.
Want to hear a construction joke? <>Sorry, I’m still working on it.
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? <>One is extremely big and heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today in the oven, <>I should have cooked it on aloha temperature.
Anyone can be buried when they die<>but if you want to be cremated then you have to urn it.
Where did Captain Hook get his hook? <>From the second-hand store.
I am such a good singer that people always ask me to sing solo<>solo that they can’t hear me. 
I am such a good singer that people ask me to sing tenor<>tenor twelve miles away.
Occasionally to relax I just like to tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.<> That’s just how I roll.
What did the glass of wine say to the glass of beer? Nothing. <>They barley knew each other.
I’ve never trusted stairs. <>They are always up to something.
Why did Shakespeare’s wife leave him? <>She got sick of all the drama.
I just bought a dictionary but all of the pages are blank. <>I have no words to describe how mad I am.
If you want to get a job at the moisturizer factory... <>you’re going to have to apply daily.
I don’t know what’s going to happen next year. <>It’s probably because I don’t have 2020 vision.
Want to hear a joke about going to the bathroom? <>Urine for a treat.
I couldn’t figure out how to use the seat belt. <>Then it just clicked.
I got an email the other day teaching me how to read maps backwards<>turns out it was just spam.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity.<> It's impossible to put down!
You're American when you go into the bathroom, and you're American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you're in there?<> European.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France?<> They were cooked in Greece.
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind... <>it's tearable.
I just watched a documentary about beavers. <>It was the best dam show I ever saw!
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store what re you?<> An iWitness?
Spring is here! <>I got so excited I wet my plants!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password?<> 1forrest1
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? <>Because he was a little horse!
CASHIER: "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir?" <>DAD: "No, just leave it in the carton!’”
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? <>They say he made a mint.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer.<> I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
Why do chicken coops only have two doors?<> Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!
How do you make a Kleenex dance? <>Put a little boogie in it!
A termite walks into a bar and asks<>"Is the bar tender here?"
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer?<> He couldn't see himself doing it.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory <>but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, "First offender?" <>She says, "No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!”
How do you make holy water?<> You boil the hell out of it.
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night.<> I woke up exhausted!
Did you hear about the circus fire?<> It was in tents!
Don't trust atoms.<> They make up everything!
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? <>Ten-tickles.
I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language.<> I don’t know why.
Why did the cow in the pasture get promoted at work?<> Because he is OUT-STANDING in his field!
What do prisoners use to call each other?<> Cell phones.
Why couldn't the bike standup by itself? <>It was two tired.
Who was the fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table?<> Sir Cumference. 
Did you see they made round bails of hay illegal in Wisconsin? <>It’s because the cows weren’t getting a square meal.
You know what the loudest pet you can get is?<> A trumpet.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?<> Frostbite.
What do you call a deer with no eyes?<> No idea!
Can February March? <>No, but April May!
What do you call a lonely cheese? <>Provolone.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?<> Because the pee is silent.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school?<> Bison.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? <>Nobody knows.
You heard of that new band 1023MB? <>They're good but they haven't got a gig yet.
Why did the crab never share?<> Because he's shellfish.
How do you get a squirrel to like you? <>Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? <>They'd crack each other up.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? <>Because then it would be a foot.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? <>Well, I'm not going to spread it!
I made a pencil with two erasers. <>It was pointless.
I used to hate facial hair...<>but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—<>it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago<> and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose,<> but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?<> An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? <>Spoiled milk.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad.<> It's a faux pa.
How do lawyers say goodbye? <>Sue ya later!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? <>Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? <>Live stream.
I could tell a joke about pizza,<> but it's a little cheesy.
When does a joke become a dad joke?<> When it becomes apparent.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? <>The space bar.
What did the shy pebble wish for?<>That she was a little boulder.
I'm tired of following my dreams. <>I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? <>He's all right now.
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? <>Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut? <> I'm a cashew!
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center...<> you've seen a mall.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work...<>but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? <>Because all of the fans left.
Why was it called the dark ages? <>Because of all the knights. 
Why did the tomato blush? <>Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? <>She was a roman catholic.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? <>A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked...<> garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground? <>To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter?<> Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song? <> I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. <>The second time let me down.
To be Frank...<> I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night … <>woke up in the fireplace.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? <>Because it's a little meteor.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?<> A Brazilian
I don't trust stairs.<> They're always up to something.
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery.<> He charged one and let the other one off.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?<>I don't know and I don't care.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... <>It was Everlong...
Some people eat light bulbs. <>They say it's a nice light snack.
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? <> Sore arms.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back.<> Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas,<> I can't wait to see how it turns out.
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? <>Lil Caesars
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. <>He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons. <>They are always negative.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? <>Because they are made to concentrate. 
What did the beaver say to the tree? <>It's been nice gnawing you.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern?<> You use a pumpkin patch.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? <>I’ll ketch up
I have kleptomania...<>when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap...<> but I'm clean now.
When is a door not a door?<> When it's ajar.
I made a belt out of watches once...<> It was a waist of time.
This furniture store keeps emailing me,<> all I wanted was one night stand!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?<>  Look for fresh prints.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome.<> It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? <>Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
If at first you don't succeed<> sky diving is not for you!
What kind of music do mummy's like?<>Rap
A book just fell on my head. <>I only have my shelf to blame.
What did the dog say to the two trees? <>Bark bark.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time...<> are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane?<> They mostly wrap.
What did the mountain climber name his son?<>Cliff.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret?<> Because it's bound to squeal.
Why are mummys scared of vacation?<> They're afraid to unwind.
Whiteboards ...<> are remarkable.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep?<>A stega-snore-us.
What kind of tree fits in your hand?<> A palm tree!
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey<> but I turned myself around.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus?<> Ten-tickles!
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom?<> A tuba toothpaste.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... <>I totally nailed it!
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport?<>Squash.
What do you call corn that joins the army?<> Kernel.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum <>but I just can't seem to get it going.
Why don't sharks eat clowns? <> Because they taste funny.
Just read a few facts about frogs.<> They were ribbiting.
Why didn’t the melons get married?<>Because they cantaloupe.
What’s a computer’s favorite snack?<>Microchips!
Why was the robot so tired after his road trip?<>He had a hard drive.
Why did the computer have no money left?<>Someone cleaned out its cache!
I'm not anti-social. <>I'm just not user friendly.
Why did the computer get cold?<>Because it forgot to close windows.
What is an astronaut's favorite key on a keyboard?<>The space bar!
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used-car salesman?<>The used-car salesman KNOWS when he's lying.
If at first you don't succeed...<> call it version 1.0
Why did Microsoft PowerPoint cross the road?<>To get to the other slide!
What did the computer do at lunchtime?<>Had a byte!
Why did the computer keep sneezing?<>It had a virus!
What did one toilet say to the other?<>You look a bit flushed.
Why did the picture go to jail?<>Because it was framed.
What did one wall say to the other wall?<>I'll meet you at the corner.
What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to?<>Lonely
Why do bicycles fall over?<>Because they are two-tired!
Why was the broom late?<>It over swept!
What part of the car is the laziest?<>The wheels, because they are always tired!
What's the difference between a TV and a newspaper?<>Ever tried swatting a fly with a TV?
What did one elevator say to the other elevator?<>I think I'm coming down with something!
Why was the belt arrested?<>Because it held up some pants!
What makes the calendar seem so popular?<>Because it has a lot of dates!
Why did Mickey Mouse take a trip into space?He wanted to find Pluto!
Why do you go to bed every night?<>Because the bed won't come to you!
What has four wheels and flies?<>A garbage truck!
Why did the robber take a bath before he stole from the bank?<>He wanted to make a clean get away!
Just watched a documentary about beavers.<>It was the best damn program I’ve ever seen.
Slept like a log last night<>woke up in the fireplace.
Why did the scarecrow win an award?<>Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? <>Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? <>About 5000 miles
Why did the coffee file a police report? <>It got mugged.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? <>He let out a little wine.
How many apples grow on a tree? <>All of them.
What name do you give a person with a rubber toe? <>Roberto
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? <>It’s fine, he woke up.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? <>Because if they fell forwards they’d still be in the boat.
How does a penguin build it’s house? <>Igloos it together.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe?<>Roberto
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon?<>Great food, no atmosphere.
Why was the belt sent to jail?<>For holding up a pair of pants!
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water?<>He had a very esteemed colleague.
What happens when a frogs car dies?<>He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle?<>They rose.
Why did the man fall down the well?<>Because he couldn’t see that well.
My boss told me to have a good day...<>...so I went home.
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree?<>By the bark.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?<>It’s fine, he woke up.
Why is Peter Pan always flying?<>Because he Neverlands.
Which state has the most streets?<>Rhode Island.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim?<>Alphawetical.
Why was the color green notoriously single?<>It was always so jaded.
Why did the coach go to the bank?<>To get his quarterback.
How do celebrities stay cool?<>They have many fans.
What's the most depressing day of the week?<>sadder day.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines<>But catscan.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke<>but you guys didn’t like it.
Stop looking for the perfect match<>instead look for a lighter.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing<>but he said it’s just a bug going around.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive?<>A lamborghini.
What did the accountant say while auditing a document?<>This is taxing.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day?<>It was loaf at first sight.
Why do melons have weddings?<>Because they cantaloupe.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters?<>Anna One, Anna Two!
What do you call a toothless bear?<> A gummy bear!
Two goldfish are in a tank. <>One says to the other, “Do you know how to drive this thing?”
What’s Forrest Gump’s password?<>1forrest1
What is a child guilty of if they refuse to nap?<> Resisting a rest.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people<>but none of them work.
Why are spiders so smart?<>They can find everything on the web.
What has one head, one foot, and four legs?<> A bed.
What does a house wear?<> Address.
What’s red and smells like blue paint?<>Red paint.
My son asked me to put his shoes on<> but I don’t think they’ll fit me.
I’ve been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing.<> The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.
What do you call an unpredictable camera?<>A loose Canon.
Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks?<>Minnesota.
What do sprinters eat before a race?<> Nothing—they fast.
I’m so good at sleeping...<>I can do it with my eyes closed.
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record.<>But I love their greatest hits!
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high.<> She seemed surprised.
What do you call a fibbing cat?<> A lion.
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil?<> Because it’s pointless.
I like telling Dad jokes…<>sometimes he laughs.
How do you weigh a millennial?<> In Instagrams.
The wedding was so beautiful<>even the cake was in tiers.
What’s the most patriotic sport?<> Flag football.
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights. 
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing "I'm A Believer"... Then I saw her face.
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.
Dad I’m hungry’ … ‘Hi hungry I’m dad
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday.  I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.
Wife: Honey I’m pregnant.	Me: Well…. what do we do now?	Wife: Well, I guess we should go to a baby doctor.	Me: Hm.. I think I’d be a lot more comfortable going to an adult doctor.
Why was Pavlov's beard so soft?  Because he conditioned it.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? "Don't look I'm changing!"
Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.  That’s just how I roll.
Conjunctivitis.com – now that’s a site for sore eyes.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Which is the fastest growing city in the world? Dublin'
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?	I don't know and I don't care.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas, I can't wait to see how it turns out.
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? Lil Caesars
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? Because they are made to concentrate. 
What did the beaver say to the tree? It's been nice gnawing you.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I’ll ketch up
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens?
Because when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say "Bach bach bach!"

This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
If at first you don't succeed, sky diving is not for you!
What kind of music do mummy's like? Rap
What's large, grey, and doesn't matter?
An irrelephant.

A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret? Because it's bound to squeal.
Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.
Whiteboards ... are remarkable.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
What’s Forest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ‘No, just leave it in the carton!’
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
Me: If humans lose the ability to hear high frequency volumes as they get older, can my 4 week old son hear a dog whistle?	Doctor: No, humans can never hear that high of a frequency no matter what age they are.	Me: Trick question... dogs can't whistle.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport?	Squash.
Recent survey revealed 6 out of 7 dwarf's aren't happy.
What do you call corn that joins the army? Kernel.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum . . . but I just can't seem to get it going.
‘Put the cat out’ … ‘I didn’t realize it was on fire
Is there a hole in your shoe? No… Then how’d you get your foot in it?
Every night at 11:11, I make a wish that someone will come fix my broken clock.
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, “man, it’s really hot in here”. The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, “WHOA, a talking muffin!”
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar but you can't "tuna" fish!
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads “Small medium at large.”
Why don't sharks eat clowns?  Because they taste funny.
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.
What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.
They tried to make a diamond shaped like a duck. It quacked under the pressure.
Where’s the bin? Dad: I haven’t been anywhere!
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.

What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.
A magician was driving down the street and then he turned into a driveway.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
If you walk into a forest and cut down a tree, but the tree doesn't understand why you cut it down, do you think it's stumped?
Where do bees go to the bathroom?  The BP station.
What is the best way to carve?
Whittle by whittle.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
I couldn't figure out how the seat belt worked. Then it just clicked.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
BREATH!!
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
Two parrots are sitting on a perch. One turns to the other and asks, "do you smell fish?"
Bad at golf? Join the club.
What do you call a pile of cats?  A Meowtain.
How do hens stay fit? They always egg-cercise!
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemonaid.
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
I just got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have nobody to go with.
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
"Dad, I'm cold."
"Go stand in the corner, I hear it's 90 degrees."
Child: Dad, make me a sandwich. Dad: Poof! You're a sandwich.
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
I was just looking at my ceiling. Not sure if it’s the best ceiling in the world, but it’s definitely up there.
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
“My Dog has no nose.” “How does he smell?” “Awful”
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Why did the half blind man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs, because they take everything literally.
It's difficult to say what my wife does, she sells sea shells by the sea shore.
Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin? He made a grave mistake.
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!
what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? a labracadabrador
Doctor: Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news?
Patient: Good news please.
Doctor: we're naming a disease after you.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
I tried to write a chemistry joke, but could never get a reaction.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field? A babooooom!

I cut my finger cutting cheese. I know it may be a cheesy story but I feel grate now.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket.
Why don't you find hippopotamuses hiding in trees?
They're really good at it.
I’m reading a book on the history of glue – can’t put it down.
Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it.
Just watched a documentary about beavers… It was the best damn program I’ve ever seen.
Why do choirs keep buckets handy? So they can carry their tune
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's ok, he woke up.
You will never guess what Elsa did to the balloon. She let it go.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.
They're making a movie about clocks. It's about time
I’ve just been reading a book about anti-gravity, it’s impossible to put down!
Archaeology really is a career in ruins.
I was going to get a brain transplant, but I changed my mind
Why can't you use "Beef stew" as a password? Because it's not stroganoff.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man.
Some people say that I never got over my obsession with Phil Collins.
But take a look at me now.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, ‘First offender?’ She says, ‘No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!’
I saw an ad in a shop window, "Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full", I thought, "I can't turn that down".
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator? A Fermilabrador Retriever.
What's blue and not very heavy?  Light blue.
I was so proud when I finished the puzzle in six months, when on the side it said three to four years.
Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
A quick shoutout to all of the sidewalks out there... Thanks for keeping me off the streets.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Leather is great for sneaking around because it's made of hide.
People are making apocalypse jokes like there’s no tomorrow.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library – it’s got the most stories!
What kind of magic do cows believe in? MOODOO.
What’s the longest word in the dictionary? Smiles. Because there’s a mile between the two S’s.
I just broke my guitar. It's okay, I won't fret
It's only a murder of crows if there's probable caws.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb? Let's go ride bikes!
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meat-ball.
Did you know that ghosts call their true love their ghoul-friend?
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What did the big flower say to the littler flower? Hi, bud!
 I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.	
Why do pumpkins sit on people’s porches?	They have no hands to knock on the door.
Who is the coolest Doctor in the hospital? The hip Doctor!
Why was ten scared of seven? Because seven ate nine.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.
I applied to be a doorman but didn't get the job due to lack of experience. That surprised me, I thought it was an entry level position.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
"I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
Why did the teddy bear say “no” to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested – charged with battery.
How many bones are in the human hand? A handful of them.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
I've just written a song about a tortilla. Well, it is more of a rap really.
Can February march? No, but April may.
So a duck walks into a pharmacy and says “Give me some chap-stick… and put it on my bill”
Egyptians claimed to invent the guitar, but they were such lyres.﻿
Toasters were the first form of pop-up notifications.
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? Spelling!
What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside.
Remember, the best angle to approach a problem from is the "try" angle.
Why are fish easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead, I am going to hang around a bit longer.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
This morning I was wondering where the sun was, but then it dawned on me.
Writing with a broken pencil is pointless.
Why is it so windy inside an arena? All those fans.
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender “I’ll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you”. 	“Sure thing” the bartender replies and asks “but what’s with the big pause?” 	The panda holds up his hands and says “I was born with them”
“Doctor, I’ve broken my arm in several places” Doctor “Well don’t go to those places.”
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?	At the bottom! 
What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted
Don’t interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you’ll hear some crosswords.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? Look, no hands!
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get for you?"
"Pop," goes the weasel.
How was the snow globe feeling after the storm? A little shaken.
Did you hear the one about the guy with the broken hearing aid? Neither did he.
What did the Red light say to the Green light? Don't look at me I'm changing!
What did the ocean say to the beach? Thanks for all the sediment.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Why did the melons plan a big wedding? Because they cantaloupe!
What is the least spoken language in the world?
Sign Language
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not sure.
Velcro… What a rip-off.
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad.
I fear for the calendar, it’s days are numbered.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
What do you get when you cross a chicken with a skunk? A fowl smell!
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
What did the hat say to the scarf?
You can hang around. I'll just go on ahead.

Where do cats write notes?
Scratch Paper!
Why is the new Kindle screen textured to look like paper? So you feel write at home.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
What’s the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
Where do you learn to make banana splits? At sundae school.
Nurse: Doctor, there's a patient that says he's invisible. Doctor: Well, tell him I can't see him right now!
What was a more important invention than the first telephone? The second one.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What do you do when your bunny gets wet? You get your hare dryer.
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet? But most just have 4.
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders? To hold his pants up.
In the news a courtroom artist was arrested today, I'm not surprised, he always seemed sketchy.
What do you call someone with no nose? Nobody knows.
What do you call a girl between two posts? Annette.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two-tired.
What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away.
I ate a clock yesterday. It was so time consuming.
Two dyslexics walk into a bra.
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth – its pasteurized before you even see it
Is the pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? Because if they fell forwards they’d still be in the boat.
My wife told me to rub the herbs on the meat for better flavor. That's sage advice.
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts. 
Ben & Jerry's really need to improve their operation. The only way to get there is down a rocky road.
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night!
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
How does a penguin build it’s house? Igloos it together.
What is this movie about? It is about 2 hours long.
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrr!
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
Don't tell secrets in corn fields. Too many ears around.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
Why did the A go to the bathroom and come out as an E? Because he had a vowel movement.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
Never Trust Someone With Graph Paper...	They're always plotting something.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
What is bread's favorite number?  Leaven.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
How do you know if there’s an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
What's the worst part about being a cross-eyed teacher?	They can't control their pupils.
What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythmn? A metro-gnome
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my limbo trophy. How low can you go?
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
Mountains aren't just funny, they are hill areas
I was going to learn how to juggle, but I didn't have the balls.
I wear a stethoscope so that in a medical emergency I can teach people a valuable lesson about assumptions.
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
Every machine in the coin factory broke down all of a sudden without explanation. It just doesn’t make any cents.
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there’s a Shortstop in between!
What do you do when you see a space man?
Park your car, man.
If you want a job in the moisturizer industry, the best advice I can give is to apply daily.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
I was in an 80's band called the prevention. We were better than the cure.
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?    Billy Jeans!
People saying 'boo! to their friends has risen by 85% in the last year.... That's a frightening statistic.
Geology rocks, but Geography is where it's at!
I was at the library and asked if they have any books on "paranoia", the librarian replied, "yes, they are right behind you"
Have you heard of the band 1023MB? They haven't got a gig yet.
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon? They will give you a piece of your mind.
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
R.I.P. boiled water. You will be mist.
Q: What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti?
A: Pasta la vista, baby!
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything"
Why is the ocean always blue? Because the shore never waves back.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold hard cash!
I decided to sell my Hoover… well it was just collecting dust.
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds!
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
I bought shoes from a drug dealer once. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day.
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
You know that cemetery up the road? People are dying to get in there.
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives
Can I watch the TV? Dad: Yes, but don’t turn it on.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Grrrrrainnnnnssss.
"I'm sorry." "Hi sorry, I'm dad"
What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
Who did the wizard marry? His ghoul-friend
How many seconds are in a year?
12.
January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd.... etc
Ever wondered why bees hum? It's because they don't know the words.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
There's not really any training for garbagemen. They just pick things up as they go.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
I’ve deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it’s Hans free.
A doll was recently found dead in a rice paddy. It's the only known instance of a nick nack paddy wack.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
The word queue is ironic. It's just q with a bunch of silent letters waiting in line.
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
Two fish are in a tank, one turns to the other and says, "how do you drive this thing?"
I finally bought the limited edition Thesaurus that I've always wanted. When I opened it, all the pages were blank.
I have no words to describe how angry I am.
This is my step ladder. I never knew my real ladder.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter flavor chips. The barman replies “sorry mate we only do plain”
I got an A on my origami assignment when I turned my paper into my teacher
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Americans can't switch from pounds to kilograms overnight. That would cause mass confusion.
An apple a day keeps the bullies away. If you throw it hard enough.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? Because he's a pain in the neck.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
What is the leading cause of dry skin? Towels
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said “Two beers please, one for me and one for the road.”
I’ll tell you something about German sausages, they’re the wurst
I got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
I got fired from the transmission factor, turns out I didn't put on enough shifts...
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood but it was a type O.
How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
What’s E.T. short for? He’s only got little legs.
What kind of award did the dentist receive? A little plaque.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A Carrot.
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says “Sorry, we don’t serve food here”
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I’m sure I’ve never met herbivore.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
A man is washing the car with his son. The son asks...... "Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?"
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian – they’re not laughing now.
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalapeño face.
Don't buy flowers at a monastery. Because only you can prevent florist friars.
Hostess: Do you have a preference of where you sit?
Dad: Down.
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive...
How do you get a baby alien to sleep?  You rocket.
Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? They had a reptile dysfunction.
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
A Skeleton walked into a bar he said I need a beer and a mop
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
What do you call a pig with three eyes? Piiig
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you’re pretty repulsive yourself.
The other day I was listening to a song about superglue, it’s been stuck in my head ever since.
If you’re struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
The great thing about stationery shops is they're always in the same place...
What do you call cheese by itself? Provolone.
How do you fix a broken pizza? With tomato paste.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.
I heard there was a new store called Moderation. They have everything there
A beekeeper was indicted after he confessed to years of stealing at work. They charged him with emBEEzlement
I used to work for a soft drink can crusher. It was soda pressing.
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
When Dad drops a pea off of his plate ‘oh dear I’ve pee’d on the table!
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well.
Why did the burglar hang his mugshot on the wall? To prove that he was framed!
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
Doctor you've got you help me, I'm addicted to twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
I broke my finger at work today, on the other hand I'm completely fine.
I went to a book store and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose.
How does a scientist freshen their breath? With experi-mints!
What has ears but cannot hear? A field of corn.
People who don't eat gluten are really going against the grain.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion?
An ion! 
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer? Cool Ranch!
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a glass of vodka but the bar tender says, “sorry we don’t serve spirits”
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
Why do wizards clean their teeth three times a day? To prevent bat breath!
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
A termite walks into a bar and asks “Is the bar tender here?”
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? Lack of concentration.
I couldn't get a reservation at the library. They were completely booked.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive West.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
I tried taking some high resolution photos of local farmland, but they all turned out a bit grainy.
What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
I gave all my dead batteries away today, free of charge.
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
Did you hear that David lost his ID in prague? Now we just have to call him Dav.
My wife is on a tropical fruit diet, the house is full of stuff. It is enough to make a mango crazy.
Why do mathematicians hate the U.S.? Because it's indivisible.
I knew i shouldn’t have ate that seafood. Because now i’m feeling a little… Eel
Past, present, and future walked into a bar.... It was tense.
Did you hear about the bread factory burning down? They say the business is toast.
My boss told me that he was going to fire the person with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
What's black and white and read all over? The newspaper.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
Without geometry life is pointless.
“Hold on, I have something in my shoe”  “I’m pretty sure it’s a foot”
Have you heard about the film "Constipation", you probably haven't because it's not out yet.
I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
Why did the barber win the race? He took a short cut.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
What did the judge say to the dentist? Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth?
"What time is it?" I don't know... it keeps changing.
You can't trust a ladder. It will always let you down
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday...the rest are weekdays.
My friend said to me: "What rhymes with orange" I said: "no it doesn't"
I had a rough day, and then somebody went and ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.
I adopted my dog from a blacksmith. As soon as we got home he made a bolt for the door.
Where does batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Some people say that comedians who tell one too many light bulb jokes soon burn out, but they don't know watt they are talking about. They're not that bright.
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
What do you call a cow on a trampoline? A milk shake!
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.
What do you call an eagle who can play the piano? Talonted!
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? A wise quacker.
There’s a new type of broom out, it’s sweeping the nation.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bay-gulls!
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
When do doctors get angry? When they run out of patients.
A man tried to sell me a coffin today. I told him that's the last thing I need.
It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope. It will still be stationary.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That she was a little boulder.
Why did the belt go to prison? He held up a pair of pants!
Wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing it... We had some drinks, cool guy, wants to be a web developer.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
What is a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange.
A cannibal is someone who is fed up with people.
Why did the cookie cry?
Because his mother was a wafer so long
Want to hear my pizza joke? Never mind, it's too cheesy.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
Why was the picture sent to prison? It was framed.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject.
Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They start coffin.
At the boxing match, the dad got into the popcorn line and the line for hot dogs, but he wanted to stay out of the punchline.
"Hey, dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut."
Why is there always a gate around cemeteries? Because people are always dying to get in.
I asked a frenchman if he played video games. He said "Wii"
So, I heard this pun about cows, but it’s kinda offensive so I won’t say it. I don’t want there to be any beef between us. 
What kind of music do planets listen to? Nep-tunes.
Shout out to my grandma, that's the only way she can hear.
Why was the broom late for the meeting? He overswept.
I went on a date last night with a girl from the zoo. It was great. She’s a keeper.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. 
He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath. 
This made him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An in-vest-igator!
What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend? She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What biscuit does a short person like? Shortbread. 
The invention of the wheel was what got things rolling
Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed? Because he has low elf esteem.

Q: What’s 50 Cent’s name in Zimbabwe? A: 200 Dollars.

Why did Sweden start painting barcodes on the sides of their battleships? So they could Scandinavian.
Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
If two vegans are having an argument, is it still considered beef?
My sea sickness comes in waves.
For Valentine's day, I decided to get my wife some beads for an abacus.  It's the little things that count.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
My new thesaurus is terrible. In fact, it's so bad, I'd say it's terrible.
What type of music do balloons hate? Pop music!
Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is? In a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning? He was a good conductor.
Camping is intense.
Dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. I will never forget his last words. Be positive.
I’m on a whiskey diet. I’ve lost three days already.
Why didn’t the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized? He just took it in stride
What animal is always at a game of cricket? A bat.
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water?  Because he was a little horse!
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
I am terrified of elevators. I’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs!
Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing? Just in case you get a hole in one.
I wish I could clean mirrors for a living. It's just something I can see myself doing.
How do the trees get on the internet? They log on.
To the guy who invented zero... thanks for nothing.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What is red and smells like blue paint?
Red paint!
*Reversing the car* "Ah, this takes me back"
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to Twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
How do locomotives know where they're going? Lots of training
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
A butcher accidentally backed into his meat grinder and got a little behind in his work that day.
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food is great, but there’s just no atmosphere.
What kind of pants do ghosts wear? Boo jeans.
Two guys walked into a bar, the third one ducked.
I really want to buy one of those supermarket checkout dividers, but the cashier keeps putting it back.
A horse walks into a bar. The bar tender says "Hey." The horse says "Sure."
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
"Dad, I'm hungry." Hello, Hungry. I'm Dad.
I'm practicing for a bug-eating contest and I've got butterflies in my stomach.
I have the heart of a lion... and a lifetime ban from the San Diego Zoo.
What do you call a guy lying on your doorstep? Matt.
I met this girl on a dating site and, I don't know, we just clicked.
What did the calculator say to the student? You can count on me.
What do you call a gorilla wearing headphones? Anything you'd like, it can't hear you.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows?  They're making headlines!
How do you know when you are going to drown in milk? When its past your eyes!
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth – its pasteurized before you even see it
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads "Small medium at large."
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender "I'll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you".
"Sure thing" the bartender replies and asks "but what's with the big pause?"
The panda holds up his hands and says "I was born with them"
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
I heard there was a new store called Moderation. They have everything there
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food is great, but there's just no atmosphere.
I went to a book store and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
If you're struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
"What's ET short for? Because he's only got little legs."
People are making apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
What do you call a Mexican man leaving the hospital? Manuel
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I'm sure I've never met herbivore.
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood but it was a type O.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don't think it's feline well.
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
Without geometry life is pointless.
A termite walks into a bar and asks "Is the bar tender here?"
What's Forest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1
I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge.
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
I am terrified of elevators. I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Tea is for mugs.
What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
I've deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it's Hans free.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said "Two beers please, one for me and one for the road."
Just watched a documentary about beavers... It was the best damn program I've ever seen.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested – charged with battery.
Conjunctivitis.com – now that's a site for sore eyes.
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food here"
"Doctor, I've broken my arm in several places" Doctor "Well don't go to those places."
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
I fear for the calendar, it's days are numbered.
There's a new type of broom out, it's sweeping the nation.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
Slept like a log last night ... woke up in the fireplace.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian – they're not laughing now.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
Velcro... What a rip-off.
I'm reading a book on the history of glue – can't put it down.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
Q: What's 50 Cent's name in Zimbabwe? A: 400 Million Dollars.
"My Dog has no nose." "How does he smell?" "Awful"
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
So a duck walks into a pharmacy and says "Give me some chap-stick... and put it on my bill"
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they'd be bay-gulls!
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
Where does batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
What's the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, "man, it's really hot in here". The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, "WHOA, a talking muffin!"
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter flavor chips. The barman replies "sorry mate we only do plain"
 Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you're pretty repulsive yourself.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
I knew i shouldn't have ate that seafood. Because now i'm feeling a little... Eel
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I'll ketch up
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have nobody to go with.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? Because if they fell forwards they'd still be in the boat.
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
What kind of magic do cows believe in? MOODOO.
Wife: Honey I'm pregnant. Me: Well.... what do we do now? Wife: Well, I guess we should go to a baby doctor. Me: Hm.. I think I'd be a lot more comfortable going to an adult doctor.
At what time does the soldier go to the dentist? 1430.
"Hold on, I have something in my shoe"  "I'm pretty sure it's a foot"
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there's a Shortstop in between!
Dad I'm hungry' ... Hi hungry I'm dad
When phone ringing Dad says 'If it's for me don't answer it.'
Put the cat out ... I didn't realize it was on fire
Where's the bin? Dad: I haven't been anywhere!
Can I watch the TV? Dad: Yes, but don't turn it on.
When Dad drops a pea off of his plate 'oh dear I've pee'd on the table!'
I've been addicted to cold turkey for 2 years. I keep telling people I'm trying to quit cold turkey but nobody is taking me seriously.
Old yachtsmen don't die... They just keel over.
3.14% of sailors are pi-rates.
Bad at golf? Join the club.
I just ate a frozen apple. Hardcore.
Have you met my friend Annette? She's married to a fisherman.
Why is Irish whiskey triple distilled? To be sure, to be sure, to be sure.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
RIP boiled water. You will be mist.
Archaeology really is a career in ruins...
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
If you want a job in the moisturiser industry, the best advice I can give is to apply daily.
A big cat escaped it's cage at the zoo yesterday. If I saw that I'd puma pants.
My Czech mate is surprisingly bad at chess.
Why are Lada's so bad? Because the keep Stalin.
What do you get hanging off banana trees? Sore arms.
I made my wife a cocktail with fairy liquid in it.... She was foaming at the mouth when she tasted it.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
Found out I was colour blind the other day... That one came right out the purple.
I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
A man tried to sell me a coffin today... I told him that's the last thing I need.
Whenever I want to start eating healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
Don't kiss your wife with a runny nose. You might think it's funny, but it's snot.
My friend keeps telling me I'm in the closet. I just say it's Narnia business. @WillFerreI
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza last night... I should've put it on aloha setting.
Dad: Where can I get a potato clock? Son: Why a potato clock?!? Dad: I've got a new job and my boss said I need to get-a-potato-clock
My son asked me to stop singing oasis songs in public. I said maybe.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo I had to put my foot down.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
They don't watch the flintstones in Dubai. But Abu Dhabi do.
Lone Ranger sees Tonto riding with a dustbin. LR: "Where are you going Tonto?" T: "to-the-dump-to-the dump-to-the-dump-dump dump..."
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the bathroom? Because the P is silent
Happy Father's Day! Did you hear about the crazy Mexican train thief? He had loco motives
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth.... Then it's a soap opera
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.
"Does this uniform make me look fat" - insecurity guard
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
I told my wife she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it.
Ever noticed that glass tastes like blood?
A classic from who's line is it anyway.
You heard the rumor going around about butter? Nevermind, I shouldn't spread it.
I have the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from London zoo. @zsllondonzoo
What did the Buddhist ask the hot dog vendor? "Make me one with everything."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it!
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant
What happened to the cow that jumped over the barbed wire fence? Udder destruction.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet..... But that's just nuts
What's a duck's favourite dip? Quackamole
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta
I hate it when people ask me what I will be doing in 5 years time. Come on, I don't have 2020 vision.
Steak puns... They're a rare medium, well done
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Past, present, and future walked into a bar.... It was tense.
Comedians who tell one too many lightbulb jokes soon burn out.
Look! I'm wearing a Thai.
What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
Knock knock. Who's there? To. To Who? To whom.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
I went out with a girl called Simile, I don't know what I metaphor.
I went on a two week holiday to the south of France. It was Toulon.
A pirate walks into a bar with a ship's wheel on his belt buckle. Bartender: What's that on your belt? Pirate: Arrr, It's drivin' me nuts!
Plateaus are the highest form of flattery.
Me: Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to Twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
There's no I in denial.
My computer sings, it's a Dell.
It's time to rock around the Christmas tree.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas, I can't wait to see how it turns out.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was so time consuming.
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Its ok, he woke up.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
How do you make antifreeze? Steal her blanket.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are about 49cents and deer nuts are just under a buck.
Did you hear about the guy who jumped off a bridge in Paris? He was in Seine.
There are only two types of people in the world, those who can extrapolate from incomplete data...
What did the buffalo say to his son as he left for college? Bison
A truck of Terrapins crashed into a truck of tortoises. It was a turtle disaster.
What does a house wear? A dress.
I asked a Frenchman if he played video games. He said "wii".
Full Meal Jacket
A furniture store keeps calling me. But all I wanted was one night stand.
What did the dog say after a long day at work? "Today was Ruff"
Where are average things built? In the satisfactory.
I've eaten too much Middle Eastern food. Now I falafel.
A pet store had a bird contest. No perches necessary.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb?... 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
My son asked me to take him to the hospital because he had a large red mark on his face. I said "Let's not make any rash decisions."
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
Sean Connery famously said he would leave The Bahamas and return to Scotland, if it ever gained independence. He must be shitting himself.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
The universe implodes. No matter.
I can give you the cause of an anaphylactic shock in a nutshell.
I just swapped our bed for a trampoline. My wife hit the roof.
I heard a rumour that Cadbury is bringing out an oriental chocolate bar. Could be a Chinese Wispa.
My dog Minton ate a shuttlecock... Bad Minton.
Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours. So the decided to call it a day.
I've got an addiction to water, I think I'm an aquaholic.
What did the hungry clock do? Went back four seconds!
My sea sickness comes in waves.
I play triangle for a reggae band. It's pretty casual. I just stand at the back and ting.
I'm afraid I've caught poetry. Don't worry, I used to suffer from short stories. Really?When? Once upon a time
I asked the checkout girl for a date. She said "They're in the fruit aisle next to the bananas."
What did the chicken say about the scrambled egg? There goes my crazy, mixed up kid.
Why do so many people with laser hair want to get it removed?
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a tricycle? Attire!
Why does Peter pan always fly?Because he neverlands!
For all American Dads, this is all you need today.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey
I jumped into the sea today. My friends pier pressured me into it.
What do you call a sketchy Italian neighbourhood? The Spaghetto.
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
Why can't you have a nose 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
Someone said my clothes were gay. I said "Yeah, they came out of the closet this morning."
I just misspelt Armageddon, it's not the end of the world.
Volunteering in America is absurd, it just makes no cents.
Jonny Wilkinson is announcing his retirement from rugby. You can't say he didn't try.
Why don't you want to taco bout it? 'Cause i'm nacho friend anymore.
Doorbells, don't knock 'em.
I'm back from holiday in the South Pacific. I wish I had Samoa time off.
"I'm on a whiskey diet, I've lost 4 days already." Tommy Cooper What's your favorite Cooperism?
My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of the stuff. It's enough to make a mango crazy.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
Sweet dreams are made of cheese, who am I to dis a Brie.
Happy Easter! What's your best egg yolk? Mine is: A boiled egg is hard to beat.
What do you call an Alligator wearing a vest? An investigator.
Did you hear about the magic tractor? It turned into a field.
Can February march? No, but April May.
Full credit to the whoever made this for Putin in the effort.
What does a grape say when it is stepped on? Nothing, it just lets out a little wine.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
I swallowed some Tippex last night. I woke up this morning with a massive correction.
Just got a text from Snoop Dogg. No biggy.
What do you get when you cross a rhetorical question with a joke?
Pink Panthers to do list: To do To do To do, to do, to do To do, to doooo
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.
What did one eye say to the other? Something smells between us.
Two elephants fall off a cliff... Boom boom!
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Tentacles.
I don't like atoms, they're liars. They make up everything.
If you want to set up a company and run it, then that's your own business.
My friend is going on holiday to the Middle East. Oman, that sounds fun...
Whoever invented the door knocker deserves a no-bell prize!
Why did the elf push his bed into the fireplace? He wanted to sleep like a log.
I can't stand Russian dolls.... They're so full of themselves.
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote controller. I thought to myself "well, this changes everything..."
I got this extra electron I didn't want. My friend said "don't be so negative."
A boat builder is showing his son one of his forests. He turns to him and says, "Son, one day this will all be oars"
Molestation is a touchy subject.
I’ve decided to put up a marquee in my garden with some funky music and flashing lights. Now is the winter of my disco tent.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
I met a Dutch girl with inflatable shoes last week, I phoned her up for a date but she'd popped her clogs.
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
Did you hear about the man who gave up making haggis? He didn't have the guts for it anymore.
Retrospective baddadjoke: Why are there no pain killers in the jungle? Because parrots-eat-em-all
Sometimes I squat on the floor, put my arms around my legs and lean forward. That's how I roll.
Got lost in a corn field today, it was a-maize-ing.
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
Just out buying some new chairs for the house, sofa so good.
My wife told me I was average, I think she's mean.
I was going to tell a dairy joke, but it was too cheesy.
Just had my first round of golf. I'm not very good, in fact I've got a fairway to go.
My daughter just lost her mood ring, really don't know how she feels about it.
I told a friend I was off to California this summer. He told me to be more pacific... so I went to Hawaii instead...
I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge.
Why is there a long line at the cemetery? Because people are dying to get in.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
I'm starting a band called 1023mb We'll never get a gig.
What's Forest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1
A photon checks into a hotel. Receptionist: "May I take your bags sir?" Photon: "I don't have any bags, I'm travelling light."
Melon 1: "Let's run away and get married." Melon 2: "Sorry but I Cantaloupe."
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way.
I lost my job last week. Unemployment is not working for me.
A termite walks into a bar and asks "Is the bar tender here?"
Hitler was surprised by the Invasion of Normandy. He did nazi that coming.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.
So, I asked my North Korean mate how his life was going? He said "can't complain"
Just quit my job at Starbucks because day after day it was the same old grind.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it, it was a shitzu.
Why is Saudi Arabia free of mental illness? Because No-mad people live there.
Without geometry life is pointless.
I broke my guitar string last night. Don't fret, I had another.
Had a new beaver curry last night. It's like a normal curry, just a bit 'otter.
Went to the corner shop today... Bought four corners.
Have you heard the conspiracy about Russian allotments. It's all just a communist plot.
My uncle works with Digital radios. You could say he’s a DAB hand.
I dreamt about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don't think it's feline well.
Why do the French only put one egg in an omelette? Because one egg is un oeuf.
The other day someone left plasticine in my house. I didn't know what to make of it.
What happens when you tell an egg a joke? It cracks up.
How do you make holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
Sorry I've been away for a while, I was at the fabric shop looking for new material.
I've just been to a very emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
I stayed up all night to find out where the sun went, then it dawned on me...
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood but it was a type O.
Today a girl said she recognised me from vegetarian club, but I'm sure I've never met herbivore.
Jokes about German sausages are the wurst.
I tried to throw a ball at a cloud. I mist.
I woke up with a face full of rice. I must've fallen asleep as soon as my head hit the pilau.
I couldn't pay for my coffee because my wallet was in my other pair of moccachinos. I got it for free. Thanks a latté @lashingsbristol!
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
First rule of Thesaurus Club. You don't talk, converse, discuss, speak, chat, deliberate, confer, gab, gossip or natter about Thesaurus Club
Don't have a Findus lasagne before bed. You'll have a nightMARE.
How does a muppet die? Apparently, it kermits suicide.
What did the Mexican say to his chicken? Oh-lay!
A pet shop was ransacked last week... ...there are currently no leads.
How do you drown a hipster? In the mainstream.
Sleeping comes naturally to me. I can do it with my eyes closed.
I ate some rotten chicken last night. Now I feel fowl.
There is a new disease found in margarine... Apparently it spreading very easily.
What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe? Roberto
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
What is Santa's favourite pizza? One that's deep pan, crisp and even.
People are making apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.
Someone called me pretentious the other day... I almost choked on my latte.
My mate dug a hole in the garden and filled it with water....I think he meant well.
What's your favourite Christmas Cracker Joke? Here's one of mine: "What's ET short for? Because he's only got little legs."
If you're struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
A mate of mine has admitted to being addicted to break fluid. I'm worried but he says he can stop whenever he wants.
Start a new job in Seoul next week. I thought it was a good Korea move.
Soya Milk. Looked in your fridge.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
Bloody thespians, always making a scene.
My dad fought in the war and survived mustard gas and pepper spray. He is now classed as a seasoned veteran.
Tea is for mugs.
This thesaurus isn't just terrible, it is also terrible.
I am terrified of elevators. I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I Noah guy.
What did the father say to the son who was going fishing? Let minnow when you get there.
I am delighted with the corn crop this year. It's A-maize-ing.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
I think rowing is oarsome.
What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Why do accountants look so good in heels? Because they never lose their balance.
I'll stop at nothing to avoid using negative numbers.
Wind turbines. I'm a big fan!
What's the definition o a good farmer? A man outstanding in his field.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
I fired my masseuse today. She rubbed me up the wrong way.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
Breaking news! A hurricane has just hit the the main cheese factory in France. All that's left is de-Brie.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I like sea food. I often just have it for the halibut.
A girl walks into a bar and asked for a double entendre. So the barman gave her one.
I took the shell off of my racing snail to see if it went any faster. If anything though, it just made it more sluggish.
I've deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it's Hans free.
Was kept awake last night by someone flashing a light in my face. It was torch-ure.
My wife said to me "Your lack of originality is pathetic."I said "Yeah, well your lack of originality is pathetic."
It was really hard overcoming my addiction to the hokey cokey. But I turned myself around and that’s what it’s all about.
"I saw a documentary on how ships are kept together. Riveting!" Stewart Francis
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the telly.
My wife just split up with me because I've got a pasta fetish. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
I'm thinking about getting a new haircut... I'm going to mullet over.
Had a bowl of scotch broth for lunch today... It was souper hot.
I got really quick service at the fish and chip shop. It was very e-fish-ent
How do you organise a space party? You planet.
What did one bird say to the other cheating parrot? Toucan play at that game.
What's wrong with the Southern French's trousers? They're Toulouse.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
A photon enters a hotel. Porter: 'Need any help with your luggage?' Photon: 'No thanks, I'm travelling light'
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
A banker came home from work today worried about his job. He said its in the balance.
sorry "a *pod* of killer whales"
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
The only thing that can survive a
A man has taken @British_Airways to court after they misplaced his luggage. He lost his case.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
What do you call a man with rabbits living in his bum? Warren
Just been fishing... It was reely good.
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said "Two beers please, one for me and one for the road."
It's so hard to think of another chemistry joke... All the good ones Argon.
Why do people dislike mushrooms? Because they're made from Toads Stools...
There was so much fighting on our Easter camping trip... it was in-tents.
It's easter already?!
I'm off to Nairobi in the Summer. Kenya believe it?
My first girlfriend's name was Ivy... she was all over me.
I've just voted for Charlie's odyssey by Charlie Denholm as the funniest film
Helvetica walks into a bar. The barman says "We don't serve your type around here."
Argon walks into a bar. The barman says "Get the hell out!" Argon doesn't react.
Just watched a documentary about beavers... It was the best damn program I've ever seen.
Last night it was raining cats and dogs... I stepped in a poodle.
I thought about being a juggler, but I didn't have the balls.
My mate got a job as a lion's hairdresser at the zoo today. He is literally the mane man.
I'm not as think as you drunk I am.
I'm thinking about moving to France... I've got nothing Toulouse.
Went surfing the other day, it was swell.
Watershed joke: A baker was caught bonking his bread loaves. They say he was inbread.
The only thing that can survive a double dip is a hobnob. Osborne, call McVities.
I enjoy using the comedy technique of self-deprecation – but I’m not very good at it.
My wife... its difficult to say what she does... She sells seashells on the seashore.
A poker player loses his arm in a nasty accident. He's now got a prosthetic replacement. He just can't deal with it.
A girl invited me back to her place last night for champagne... It turned out it was real pain.
Theres a new type of pillow made from corduroy... Its making headlines.
What did the father say to his crying son at his Indian themed birthday party? It's chapatti and you can cry if you want to.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested - charged with battery.
Wow who saw that coming? Harry Potter and News of the World two of the Biggest selling modern fiction publications ending in the same week.
I went in to a pet shop. I said 'Can I buy a goldfish?' The guy said, 'Do you want an aquarium?' I said 'I don't care what star sign it is.'
A man was found today vacuum cleaning the top of nelsons column without any safety equipment. Police say he was Dyson with death.
A man went to A&E at the weekend who swallowed 12 plastic horses. Don't worry the doctors describe his condition as stable.
Conjunctivitis.com - now that's a site for sore eyes.
A guy walks into the psychiatrist wearing only clingfilm for shorts. The shrink says, "Well, I can clearly see you're nuts."
WIMBLEDON SPECIAL Why should you never fall in love with a tennis player? To them, "Love" means nothing.
I went to the doctor the other day I said 'have you got anything for wind' so he gave me a kite.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says "we don't serve food here."
The recruitment consultant asked me "What do you think of voluntary work?" I said "I wouldn't do it if you paid me."
An ice cream man was found lying on the floor of his van covered with hundreds and thousands. Police say that he topped himself.
"Doctor, I've broken my arm in several places" Doctor "Well don't go to those places."
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
What do you do with chemists when they die? We barium.
Pretty appropriate. Seven days without a pun makes one weak.
Hand me my Mondeo, my semidetached house, my unloved wife, my unfulfilling job, my xbox kids. Twitter, I am your dad and I tell bad jokes.
What type of onion is the best painkiller? A-sprin' onion...
Just passed a manicurist and a dentist quarreling in the street- they were fighting tooth and nail.
I fear for the calendar, it's days are numbered.
What's the definition of 'A Will'? (I'll give you a clue, it's a dead giveaway.)
I buy a different brand of cling flim every time I go to the shops. Just to keep things fresh.
The advantages of origami are twofold.
There's a new type of broom out, it's sweeping the nation.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
I went to a seafood disco last night and pulled a muscle.
My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. A strong currant pulled him in.
Sometimes I drink my whiskey neat. Other times I take off my tie and untuck my shirt.
I don't want to sound big headed but I wear extra large hats.
My friend said "You remind me of a ketchup bottle", I said "I'll take that as a condiment".
Slept like a log last night ... woke up in the fireplace.
Exit signs - they're on the way out aren't they.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
A cat hijacked a plane, stuck a pistol to the pilots ribs and said "TAKE ME TO THE CANARIES!"
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian - they're not laughing now.
One arm butlers - they can take it, but they can't dish it out.
A shark will only attack you if you're wet
Beware of alphabet grenades, they might spell disaster.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
Last night I saw this guy chatting up a cheetah at the bar. I thought 'he's trying to pull a fast one.'
My housemate opened the fridge last night and threw a block of cheese at me. I said "That's mature."
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not quite sure.
Why are there no pain killers in the jungle? Because parrots-eat-em-all
I'm reading a book on the history of glue - can't put it down.
Albinos - can't say fairer than that.
Velcro... What a rip-off.
A man walks into a butcher. The butcher bets him £5 he can't guess a shelf of meat's weight. Man replies "I cant, the steaks are too high."
Two aerials meet on a roof, fall in love and get married... The ceremony was rubbish but the reception was excellent.
Black beauty... He's a dark horse.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, all it was doing was gathering dust.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself "This changes everything."
I haven't slept for three days, because that would be too long.
People used to laugh at me when I would say "I want to be a comedian", well nobody's laughing now.
I, for one, like Roman numerals.
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
I never forget a face, but in your case I’d be glad to make an exception.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Instead of "the John," I call my toilet "the Jim." That way it sounds better when I say I go to the Jim first thing every morning.
How do you count cows? With a cowculator.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What did the blanket say when it fell of the bed? "Oh sheet!"
Why does Humpty Dumpty love autumn? Because Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger, and then it hit me.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. They're normally around 90 degrees.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips!
What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it? Envelope.
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
How do trees access the internet? They log in.
What is the tallest building in the entire world? The library, because it has so many stories.
What nails do carpenters hate to hit? Fingernails.
What's the difference between a cat and a complex sentence? A cat has claws at the end of its paws and a complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.
How come oysters never donate to charity? Because they are shellfish.
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
Why did the scarecrow get promoted? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Helium walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve noble gases here." Helium doesn't react.
How do fish get high? Seaweed.
What did Obi-Wan say to Luke at the breakfast table? "Use the fork, Luke."
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims!
Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says, "Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?"
Why did the tomato turn red? Because he saw the salad dressing!
Can February march? No, but April may.
What type of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad!
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
A drum and a symbol fall off a cliff.
Sorry, I'm a humorless, cold hearted, machine.
Two fish swim down a river, and hit a wall. One says: 'Dam!'
What do you call a chicken crossing the road? Poultry in moton.
What do you call a fake noodle?  An impasta
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octupus? Ten-tickles!
